---
layout: post
categories: drinkme
titulo: "Drink Me weekend"
---

## Dia 7 - Saturday
Days starting to blur into each other and weekday and weekends are a bit meaningless. Misty again, but not pouring like yesterday. Angelica made *arepa* for breakfast. They were really tasty. It's nice to know there is someone other than myself who is not a fluent Portuguese speaker, although she definitely has the upper hand. 

Day started with a small group critique with the organisers of Interactivos? Had a slightly fleshed out story to play, and at least three rooms were in Portuguese. Explained methodology (lots of research, interviews, post-it note maps, alternative endings) and got a pretty nice compliment. 
*A(a)h-(r)ra-zou*

So - now it's more fleshing out of the story and thinking about the visual presentation. 

#### Rough plan for next/last week
1. Sat : Cervejaria
2. Sun : Campsite, Mutirão
3. Mon : Escola (younger kids workshop)
4. Tues: Juçai factory
5. Wed : Beta testing
6. Thur: FINISH game & document process
7. Fri : Get drunk...I mean celebrate the end of the project.

### Later in the day...
First lunch not cooked for by the vegan chefs. People were talking about contraband meat. João already made a salami and cheese toastie almost as soon as the vegan chefs left. 

Was suppose to meet Alex(?) who is starting up the cervejaria at 3pm. It's down the road from the Trutaria. Saulo and I were a bit late - perhaps 15 minutes. The building is still being constructed, but there are walls and a roof. Giant shiny metal tanks already installed and ready for hops. Man didn't show up and the rain let up a bit so went to visit the camping site. Two local boys took an interest in us and walked and talked a bit. Think we'll see one of them at the school on Monday.

Took the short cut, which is short but through the forest. Well worth it though, lots of birds and saw an owlet. Didn't have enough time to look round, so will attempt to visit very early tomorrow morning.

## Dia 8 - Sunday
Went to the camping site early Sunday morning, left around 8, 8:30am. Maybe it was closer to 9. Time is a rubber band here. Antonio, Camila, Saulo and I went through the forest shortcut. It was dry in the morning, was some debate about wearing bathing costumes or not. Decided not too in the end, which was a shame as it was nice and hot by the time to got to the campsite. Didn't go in though as it's R$12 entrance fee and didn't have proper swimming attire. Also have tons of work to do. From today there is only 5 more days left. Found out we are presenting the project to the people of Serrinha on Saturday, at the local farmer's market. Looking forward to that very much.

Eating the fruits of the Trutaria tonight.   
